sprint Goal: complete all of the user stories and get ready for the final delivery.
Duration: Nov 20th to Dec 04th

Recording:

Week1:
Nov 21st: 1st sprint meeting with TA
	All members were presented. 
	Group members showed the demo of the halfway checkpoint. TA evaluated and gave feedback on it.
	Every group member is assigned their responsibility for the remaining user stories
			
		Work setup:
		Steven Xu: Full version of User profile, filter function.
		Yang Guo: UI mockup, UMl, and test case, a small modification of adding function.
		Weijia Chen: UI mockup, UMl, and test case.
		Haoyu Zheng: Sorting function and batch tag adding function
		Dian Huang: UI mockup, UMl, and test case, a small modification of tag function.
		Xiangpeng Ji: Modify photo/image function and implement bar code scan function

	
Week2:
Nov 28th: 2nd sprint meeting with TA
	Most members were presented.
	Confirm everyone's progress
	TA confirmed the ongoing process and noticed the details of final demo.

	(before meeting) Work done:
		Steven Xu: The creation of filter function.
		Yang Guo: Input restriction modification for adding function.
		Weijia Chen: UI adjustment.
		Haoyu Zheng: Complete all the sorting functions.
		Dian Huang: fix the bug in the tag function.
		Xiangpeng Ji: refactor image/photo function.


Week3:
Dec 04th: The Finishing touches before the final demo
	All the functions that are required by user stories are implemented.s
	Groups merged all branches

	(before meeting) Work done:
		Steven Xu: Complete the user profile on the homepage, add the restriction of register's email
		Yang Guo: UI mockup, UMl, and test case creation
		Weijia Chen: UI mockup, UMl, and test case creation
		Haoyu Zheng: Finished the batch tag-adding function on the homepage. Small fix of the app’s texts.
		Dian Huang: UI mockup, UMl, and test case creation
		Xiangpeng Ji: The bar code scanning function completed

	The project is fully merged and tested, good for delivery.

